So now if we think in terms of
what's happening in the UI,
it means that we've clicked on our train
model, we see a little bit of output.
And what we want to do is actually
start predicting the live things
that are happening on screen.
So, we have a predict button
that I just showed, so
we're going to add an onClick event on it.
So predictButton.onclick,
that's gonna be an async function as well.
And, oops, not buttons, button, sorry.
Okay, so predictButton.onclick,
we're gonna start
by having our pre,
that is predicting set to true.
And while we are predicting,
because again, we wanna do it on the fly,
we don't want to predict only
one snapshot of the camera.
It's like, as we are moving, we want
to get each frame and predict them.
So we're gonna have a while loop and
whiloPredicting, what we're going
to do is reuse our getImage function
as what that we declared before.
So we can recreate a variable code image,
and we can call again,
our getImage function because
it's going to do the same thing.
It's going to take live snapshots, but
instead of storing them in memory to add
examples, we're actually going
to predict it right away.
So first of all,
we are going to make a prediction,
first through Mobilenet.
So what we're doing is
we can call it initial
model prediction or something like that.
And we're going to call
initialModel.predict, because,
if we remember, I mean, we haven't
used mobile nets in the other example,
we use Coco SSD, but
it would be either predict or detect.
But we're gonna pass our image in here,
and if you remember the way that we're
loading the mobile net, we're not loading
the model itself, we're loading a layer.
So what's coming back here is not
necessarily a label of like, left and
right, it's called embeddings, and I can
probably talk more about that tomorrow.
But once we do a first prediction
with our layer of mobile net,
we can now pass it to the model
that we just created before.
So here we're actually going to
have access to our predictions,
where we have our new model and
we can call predict as well.
And we are going to pass
in the first kind of,
what's coming back from
the first pass in mobile net.
So at this point, if we just log that,
actually, there's a bit more code.
So to make it better, maybe let's not
log it, let's keep going a little bit.
And we're gonna want to extract
the class of the predicted gesture.
So we can do predictedClass,
this is going to be
coming from predictions.
In the previous example, when I did
some kind of calculation of like, math,
max, and stuff,
ao there's actually another way to do it,
and I just wanted to
show you different ways.
And you can call an as one-dimensional
function, that is something that's
available on predictions coming
from a model in TensorFlow.js,
and then you can also call argMax.
So these are not like,
native JavaScript methods,
it's what can be called on predictions
coming back from the model.
So in actual new model,
the custom way to do it, but
there is there is a shorter way to do it,
as well.
So this is going to return
the predicted class of the argument
that has the maximum probability.
And then what I want to do is we're
going to get maybe the ID of the class,
I forgot why I wanted to do this.
I think we're gonna log it.
Okay, so let's just try,
so we're gonna do classid,
and what you can have
is the predicted class.
So we're gonna do, wait, predictedClass.
Yeah, there's a method called data, and
we can look later about what that returns.
But on this, we can get the first element,
which should be, because predictedClass
is the maximum, I think that function
might reorder by probability.
And here we're getting the first one
because we're interested in the one
with the maximum probability.
So what we can do it now Is then
we're gonna log our labels,
our array of left and right, and
we're going to call classId.
So this is going to be like index, I
could have just called the index as well.
So it's gonna be the index of the label
with the highest probability, and
we're getting it from our labels array.
And just to avoid keeping too much stuff,
we're gonna call dispose again,
img.dispose.
And we also should call the function
that we called previously, nextPrint.
So again,
every time it's kind of like waiting for
requests admission frame to finish and
then it's like running the rest.
So at this point, I think that we're
almost done, but now is gonna be the time
where we wrote a bunch of code, I'm gonna
try it and see if it actually works.
And if it doesn't, that's gonna be fun.
So now at this point, if we refresh
our project, I'm just going to open
the console log over the console, so
we can see the logs when they are coming.
But what you should be able to do is,
when you press,
I'm gonna tilt my head left,
I'm gonna press the button.
It's not working.
I knew it.
Okay, when coding with two arguments,
the first argument must be a string.
Okay, there's multiple errors,
which is not fun.
Okay, so I have an error with inner text.
So there is somewhere where
I am setting inner text,
maybe an element that doesn't exist.
Is that the issue?
Yes, so why does total not exist?
>> I think you need a dash.
>> You're right, thank you.
Okay, I forgot the dash, so, if you
followed as I wrote, yes, add the dash.
Otherwise, if you use the solutions,
then it should already be working for you.
And here, this one, tf.tidy, okay, so
somewhere I used the tidy function and
I must have, I know what it is.
So here, the labels length
is supposed to be the second
argument to the one hot tensor here.
I think that's it.
So if I refresh, and
now if I tilt my head left.
Yay, okay, so I'm gonna 54 examples.
And if I do it right, Okay,
and now if I train the model, so
at this point, we should have images and
labels kinda kept in memory,
waiting to be fit into the model.
So when we click on Train, Okay,
it took a little bit of time, but you can
see the loss and well, it went quickly,
but it started as 0.8,
which is a bit high, it's too close to 1.
And as it's going into 0.000 10, it means
that the probability is much better.
And because it stopped updating, it means
that our model has finished training.
So now if I click on Start Prediction,
okay, I can see a label,
so I have right, and then I have left,
and right, and left, and that's it.
So basically,
instead of using a teachable machine,
where obviously it's much faster,
all of this is actually,
it's kind of basically very similar code,
but in like a nice UI.
You can actually create
an application where you're
letting your users do it
right into your app as well.
So what's happening here is like,
when I refresh them, the modal is gone,
you'd have to retrain it.
So there is, I think there is a way but
I haven't done it right now.
So I wouldn't be able to really
show it to you, but I think there
is a function called saveModel or
maybe, no, I swear I wrote it.
Okay, or maybe it's called save.
And you can save your newly trained
model into some kind of local storage in
the browser.
And I think that then if you
refresh your app, you can
maybe fetch that model directly and have
your app still running with the samples
that you created without having to ask
the user to retrain it every time.
So, when I was playing with transfer
learning, that wasn't really a thing.
So that seems to be,
I don't know how new, but
it seems like you are able to
maybe do something like this.
So in terms of calling the save method,
we will do that later in the workshop,
when we actually create our model, and
we're gonna actually generate files
that we're gonna be able to use.
But I think that's also possible to
do when we do transfer learning.